Investigate caching options for from_provider() (#1645)
567-labs/instructor: docs/concepts/caching.md

If you want to learn more about concepts in caching and how to use them in your own projects, check out our [blog](../blog/posts/caching.md) on the topic.

> ## Built-in caching in Instructor (v2.5 and later)

Author: ```suggestion
## Built-in caching in Instructor (v1.9.1 and later)
```
